{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh11940\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dear CTO:\
\
I have built a 3-tier web application with a database server VM, an application server VM and a web server VM according to your directives and as well as the directives provided in the emails of the network operations and the systems administrator departments as a test solution for your evaluation to make the web application Private Cloud ready. \
 \
I have created a separate production and development environments. The production environment has a built-in data protection using a backup protection and disaster recovery strategy: a snapshot and no more than 1 hour of data loss after a failure. The production environment was cloned to create the development environment.  \
\
Here are the steps used to deploy and protect the three virtual machines: a web server VM, an application VM and a database server VM of both environments of the web application:\
\
Step 1: A new storage container called images was created to the HCL Cloud Platform to hold the	  Windows and Linux CentOS virtual disk images and they images were uploaded to the image 	  server.\
\
Step 2: The Network Time Protocol(NTP) server was configured using the public service: pool.ntp.org 	  to the HCL Platform.\
\
Step 3: The Domain Name Server(DNS) was also configured to the HCL Platform with 8.8.8.8.\
\
Step 4: Two networks were added:  a managed network for the production environment using IPAM/	  DHCP was configured in the  HCL Cloud Platform.\
\
Step 5: And an unmanaged network for the Development environment was also configured  in the 	  HCL Cloud Platform.\
\
Step 6:Then Windows and Linux virtual machines that are consist of the application(app) server, 	  web(web) server and the database(db) server were deployed in the HCL Platform and 	  configured with 1CPU and 4 GB of ram each except the database server which was 	  configured with 1CPU  and 2 GB of ram.  The database virtual machine server tier was 	  Windows base and the application server and the web server tiers were both Linux based.\
\
Step 7: All of the production virtual machines: application server, web and database servers were 	  duplicated to create an identical development environment.   The configurations were 	  changed in the HCL Cloud Platform.\
\
Step 8: One protection domain namely production-protected with the recovery time of no more 	  than one hour of data loss after a failure was implemented to protect and recover the 	  the production virtual machines.  A protected deleted virtual machine was recovered.	   \
\
Step 9: Virtual machine restoration using the data protection snapshots were performed.  After the  	  database production VM was deleted, it was restored.  It was identified by the default as	  Nutanix-Clone-db-prod.\
\
I am attaching an excel spreadsheet containing evidence of the proper configurations used.\
\
Thank you for assigning this project to us!\
\
Best regards,\
\
Cynthia\
}